Added FAQ for lost kestore (#656)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/signing-identities/android-keystores.md

[Have questions? Contact us here.](https://appcircle.io/support/)

:::

## FAQ

### What to Do if I Lost My Keystore (Signing File)

First, the keystore is essential for verifying app ownership and enabling updates on platforms like [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/) or [Huawei AppGallery](https://consumer.huawei.com/tr/mobileservices/appgallery/). 

> If you've lost your keystore, here's what you can do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have lost your keystore, here are the steps you can take:
```

:::

1. Go to [Google Play Console](https://play.google.com/console/).
2. Select the app for which you want to reset the signing file.
3. Click the `App signing` under the `⚙️ Setup` section.
4. Scroll down and click the `Request upload key reset` button.

  <Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/02-07-Upload-Android-Keystores.png'/>

5. Choose `I lost my upload key`.

  <Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/02-08-Upload-Android-Keystores.png' />

6. Generate a new upload key via [Appcircle](#1-generate-android-keystores) or [follow these instructions.](https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/9842756#create).
7. Export the upload key certificate as a PEM file using the provided command.
8. Upload the PEM file.
9. Click the `Request` button.
3. You’ll receive an email within a few days if your request is approved by the Google Play Console team.

:::tip

To cancel the reset request, click `Cancel Request` under the `Request upload key reset` header after step **9**.

:::

:::warning

> Resetting your upload key doesn’t affect the app signing key that Google Play uses to re-sign APKs before delivering them to users.

> For more detail please check Google Play's documantion:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, please check Google Play's documentation:
```

- [Lost or compromised upload key?](https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/9842756?hl=en-GB#lost)

:::

#### Huawei AppGallery:

Whether you can release the same app after losing the keystore on Huawei AppGallery depends on if you have previously used [Huawei App Signing Service](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/doc/AppGallery-connect-Guides/agc-appsigning-newapp-0000001052418290).

> - **Without App Signing Service:** You cannot update the app; you'll need a new package name or a key change, requiring all users to reinstall the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Without App Signing Service:** You cannot update the app. You'll need either a new package name or a key change, which will require all users to reinstall the app.
```
